Clarify audit request (#67)
ethereum-optimism/pm: src/audits.md

## Summary

- [ ]  1. The need for audits is determined during the Risk Modeling in the Design Phase of the SDLC.

> - [ ]  2. During the [Design Review](./sdlc.md#step-1-design-review-if-applicable), [start an Security Readiness Review document](https://www.notion.so/oplabs/Security-Readiness-Document-1a8f153ee1628045b467c262fae21975), which will be continuously updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ]  2. During the [Design Review](./sdlc.md#step-1-design-review-if-applicable), [start an Security Readiness Review document](https://www.notion.so/oplabs/OP-Labs-Audits-2025-190f153ee162809294e6e4b1ea217fac) by clicking "New" in the database on that page, which will be continuously updated.
```

The audit process is tied to the SDLC process. A fast-track audit process would only be needed if we find out that we need audits later in the SDLC process, most likely as a result of updates to the [risk modelling](./risk-modelling.md) or [excessive vulnerabilities in the last scheduled audit](#after-each-audit). The process described above is still applicable in these cases.

> If the audit process is started in later stages of the SDLC, the documentation will be ready and can be put together as the [Security Readiness Document](https://www.notion.so/oplabs/Security-Readiness-Document-1a8f153ee1628045b467c262fae21975) by including a summary of the project, if that didn’t exist yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the audit process is started in later stages of the SDLC, the documentation will be ready and can be put together as the [Security Readiness Document](https://www.notion.so/oplabs/OP-Labs-Audits-2025-190f153ee162809294e6e4b1ea217fac) by including a summary of the project, if that didn’t exist yet.
```
